Improve documentation on visualization API (#717)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/extensions/extension_visualization.rst

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/asreview/asreview-visualization/master/docs/progression.png
   :alt: Progression

Plotting API
------------

To make use of the more advanced features and/or incorporate plotting 
into code, you can use the visualization package as a library using the 
build-in API.

Setting up a plot

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: I prefer wordings like "Basic usage", "Advanced usage", "For beginners". This is more in line with other open source projects.

> To set up a plot for a regerated h5 file (e.g. myreview.h5), this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a plot for a generated HDF5 file (e.g. myreview.h5), this 
```

code can be used:

.. code:: python

    from asreviewcontrib.visualization.plot import Plot

    with Plot.from_paths(["myreview.h5"]) as plot:

>         my_plot = plot.new(**kwargs)

Reviewer: Where are the kwargs defined?

Reviewer: I see below. But using kwargs is quite complicated? Why create a dict if you don't need one.

        inc_plot.show()

> Multiple plots can be generated at the same time by adding the files to an array; ["myreview.h5", "myreview_2.h5"].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple plots can be generated at the same time by adding the state files to a list; ["myreview.h5", "myreview_2.h5"].
```

\*\*kwargs has the following options:

.. option:: plot_type="type"

    *type* must be set to one or more of the available plot type; *inclusion*, *discovery*, *limit*, *progression*.

.. option:: result_format="plot_format"

>     Can be set to "number" for absolute values or "percentage" (default) for percentages.

Reviewer: Nice, have you considered using sphinx autodoc for this? Like in https://raw.githubusercontent.com/asreview/asreview/master/docs/source/API/reference.rst. This can simplify this part.

Adding plot features

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Advanced usage?

> Adding a grid to the plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a grid to the plot.
```

.. code:: python

    my_plot.set_grid()

> Adding limits to the plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add limits to the plot.
```

.. code:: python

    my_plot.set_xlim('lowerlimit', 'upperlimit')
    my_plot.set_ylim('lowerlimit', 'upperlimit')

> Adding a legend to the plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a legend to the plot.
```

.. code:: python

    my_plot.set_legend()

> Adding a wss or rrf line to the plot. Only available for inclusion-type plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Work Saved over Sampling (WSS) or Relevant References Found (RRF) line to the plot. Only available for inclusion-type plots (`plot_type="inclusion"`).
```

.. code:: python

    all_files = all(plot.is_file.values())

    for key in list(plot.analyses):
        if all_files or not plot.is_file[key]:
            inc_plot.add_wss(

>                 key, 95, add_text=show_metric_labels, add_value=True, add_text=True)

Reviewer: Add a comment about the 95 value?

            inc_plot.add_rrf(
                key, 10, add_text=show_metric_labels, add_value=True, add_text=True)
    
Add the random line to the plot. This dashed grey diagonal line corresponds to the expected recall curve when publications are screened in random order.

.. code:: python

    my_plot.add_random(add_text=False)

> Save the plot to the disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the plot.
```

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/asreview/asreview-visualization/master/docs/progression.png
   :alt: Progression

Plotting API
------------

To make use of the more advanced features and/or incorporate plotting 
into code, you can use the visualization package as a library using the 
build-in API.

API basic usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To set up a plot for a generated HDF5 file (e.g. myreview.h5), this 
code can be used:

.. code:: python

    from asreviewcontrib.visualization.plot import Plot

    with Plot.from_paths(["myreview.h5"]) as plot:

>         my_plot = plot.new(plot_type="type")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        my_plot = plot.new(plot_type="INSERT_PLOT_TYPE")
```

        inc_plot.show()

> *type* must be set to one or more of the available plot type; *inclusion*, *discovery*, *limit*, *progression*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`INSERT_PLOT_TYPE` must be set to one or more of the available plot type; *inclusion*, *discovery*, *limit*, *progression*.
```
